Update CHANGELOG.md (#19150)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google: CHANGELOG.md

* **New Resource:** `google_vertex_ai_index_endpoint_deployed_index` ([#19061](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19061))

IMPROVEMENTS:
* clouddeploy: added `serial_pipeline.stages.strategy.canary.runtime_config.kubernetes.gateway_service_mesh.pod_selector_label` and `serial_pipeline.stages.strategy.canary.runtime_config.kubernetes.service_networking.pod_selector_label` fields to `google_clouddeploy_delivery_pipeline` resource ([#19100](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19100))
* compute: added `send_secondary_ip_range_if_empty` to `google_compute_subnetwork` ([#19122](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19122))
* discoveryengine: added `skip_default_schema_creation` field to `google_data_store` resource ([#19017](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19017))
* dns: changed `load_balancer_type` field from required to optional in `google_dns_record_set` ([#19050](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19050))
* firestore: added `cmek_config` field to `google_firestore_database` resource ([#19107](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19107))

> * logging: changed enable_analytics parsing to "no preference" in analytics if omitted, instead of explicitly disabling analytics. ([#19126](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19126))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* logging: changed `google_logging_project_bucket_config.enable_analytics` behavior to set "no preference" in analytics if omitted, instead of explicitly disabling analytics. ([#19126](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19126))
```

* servicenetworking: added `update_on_creation_fail` field to `google_service_networking_connection` resource. When it is set to true, enforce an update of the reserved peering ranges on the existing service networking connection in case of a new connection creation failure. ([#19035](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19035))
* sql: added `server_ca_mode` field to `google_sql_database_instance` resource ([#18998](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/18998))

BUG FIXES:
* bigquery: made `google_bigquery_dataset_iam_member` non-authoritative. To remove a bigquery dataset iam member, use an authoritative resource like `google_bigquery_dataset_iam_policy` ([#19121](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19121))

> * cloudfunctions2: fixed a premadiff on `service_config.environment_variables` field in `google_cloudfunctions2_function` resource ([#19024](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19024))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* cloudfunctions2: fixed a "Provider produced inconsistent final plan" bug affecting the `service_config.environment_variables` field in `google_cloudfunctions2_function` resource ([#19024](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/19024))
```
